I can definitely give him a hundred times more than you can give.
Hum Fei Er
Yeah, the house here
Pick any one you like
Tell me I swiped your card
Thank you, Brother Feng
You are so nice to me
Who did you just scold?
I will scold whoever answers the call. Hello.
You kid
You are so awesome
Why don't you come here and buy a house?
Yes, if you want to choose, choose the good one.
Don't even consider those below 30 million.
It just so happens that I am in a class with Caiwei
Give him a boost
Lin Feng, please don't force it, okay?
We are all high school classmates.
Know everything
You wore the same pair of worn-out shoes for three years in high school.
Still asking for 30 million
You really can brag.
I heard there's a shabby building next door.
Only 5,000 per square meter
Especially suitable for your kind of residence
how
You can't even afford a shabby tube-shaped building at 5,000 per square meter.
Then you blow
Go home and find some milk.
Be honest
If you can't afford it, don't force yourself
Caiwei, don't bother with this kind of trash
Aren't you trying to achieve results?
Hey, I have reserved this 30 million villa first
Really? Thank you, Brother Wang.
Then you must remember
Please satisfy my request.
Did you see it?
This is called the hard power of men
30 million is enough to call it strength?
Dare to ask
My 30 million is not strength
Is it just a waste like you?
I can't even afford a tube building
Is that called strength?
Who said I want to buy a small broken tube building?
If I want to buy, I will buy this villa in the center
Core Villa
A loser like you wants to buy a core villa
Hahaha I'm dying of laughter
Lin Feng, are you kidding me?
This central villa
But the most prestigious 102 zodiac villa in the entire building
There are 12 buildings in total
Each building is worth hundreds of millions
12 Chinese Zodiac Signs
Yes, the 12 Chinese zodiac signs
Moreover, I am not eligible to buy this villa.
You also need to have extremely high assets to be able to buy a plane.
What's your zodiac sign?
They were born in 2000
It's a baby dragon
Do you like this villa?
I like everything Feng Ge gave me.
That's it.
Manager Xia, could you please call your boss out?